kubectl-run: add page (#6161)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kubectl-run.md

# kubectl run

> Run pods in Kubernetes. Specifies pod generator to avoid deprecation error in some K8S versions.
> More information: <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#run>.

> - Start an nginx pod and expost port 80

Reviewer: How about ?
```suggestion
- Spawn an nginx pod and export port 80
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Spawn an nginx pod and expose port 80:
```

`kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx --port 80`

> - Run an nginx pod, setting the TEST_VAR environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sawn an nginx pod and set the TEST_VAR environment variable:
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think this example is fine as-is.

Reviewer: Sure

`kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx --env="TEST_VAR=testing"`

- Show API calls that would be made to create an nginx container:

`kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx --dry-run`

> - Run a one-off Ubuntu pod interactively, never restart it, and remove it when it exits:

Reviewer: I am not sure about the comma here, I might not be correct here .. i am going with my gut.
Please correct me if ....
```suggestion
- Spawn a Ubuntu pod interactively, never restart it and remove it when it exits:
```

Reviewer 2: I think this example is also fine as-is.

Reviewer 3: If you remove `one-off` you have to change `a Ubuntu` to `an Ubuntu`.

Reviewer 3: Also, if you remove `one-off` you have to change `a Ubuntu` to `an Ubuntu`.

Reviewer: > I think this example is also fine as-is. Any particular reason for `Spawn` over `Run`?

In my understanding a pod is `spawned`. What i am looking for here is like .. we spawn a process and run a command.
Although a nitpick, but my gut disagrees to run a `pod`. I would more like say.. 
Run a Command; Spawn a process .. but still i am open :)

Author: The linked documentation page (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubectl/kubectl-commands#run) uses the terminology `run` for pods, so I think it would make sense to remain consistent with that in the documentation here.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see @cristamd. In that case, we should definitely use `Run` instead of `Spawn`.

`kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 -it temp-ubuntu --image=ubuntu:20.04 --restart=Never --rm -- /bin/bash`

> - Run a Ubuntu pod overriding the default command with echo and specifying custom arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spawn a Ubuntu pod, override the default command with 'echo' and specify custom arguments:
```

Reviewer 2: Again, this is mostly fine as-is - but could probably do with a comma or two:
```suggestion
- Run an Ubuntu pod, overriding the default command with echo, and specifying custom arguments:
```
